I thank you Father for being my creator,provider,protector and much more.Thank you my God Congratulation , You have made it
Kazi nzuri. Thanks sana u look cute I won 2500 for just a hour through the bonus YES I Do Love JESUS Wounderfull
Siku njema na ushinde poa Wazungu wanasamiana na adabu i'm so glad i have a new phone. really year of jubilee :-) The Lord continues to give to me and my heart is FULL!!!
Chakula ni tamu sana . Ubarikiwe sana Wow ! what a fantastic day Am happy Wounderfull Happy new year Nakupenda sana Wah achukuliwe huyo as an expert
Furaha ilioje merry xmas wasee Love you mum . Happy bday Hi bro hope you fine..Say hae to your friend Moja safi mzito She is so cute
Waoo great CUTIES  May God bless them Wise words there . very creative,i love this  Keep up young boy  Nice Aki yao huyu ni enginer
Be faithful in small things because it's in them that yoh strength lies With a net worth of $105.1 billion, he's now the richest person of all time
We are looking for a Business Development Executive. A lovely argument to be skeptical on singularity:
Exponential growth doesn’t imply that any “explosion” will occur. For example, my notional savings account paying 1% interest will grow exponentially but I will not experience a wealth explosion that suddenly makes me unimaginably rich
There are more and is written by Prof. Ed Felton, a no non-sense AI Princeton Prof. At the very least, you should have healthy doubt on people who dreamishly saying we are reaching singularity
I do not think singularity is highly plausible either. However, a milder claim of it being slightly possible is still quite problematic as the impact would be tremendous and civilizational.
A more plausible claim of superintelligence AIs being invented is still quite dramatic and we need to prepare now if we would like to avoid any possible chaos that may result.
Tottenham Hotspur defender Juan Foyth is well aware of the club's history - thanks to a little help from within the club's training ground.
The Argentinean centre-back, who turns 20 on Friday, joined Tottenham in the summer from Estudiantes, rejecting a move to Ligue 1 giants PSG.
Foyth made his FA Cup debut on Sunday in the 3-0 victory against AFC Wimbledon at Wembley and it turns out he is well aware of the club's history in the competition, and the efforts of his compatriots Ossie Ardiles and Ricky Villa in the past.
"Although I didn't watch the FA Cup matches much back home when I was younger, I know that Tottenham have won the trophy eight times and this is an important competition for the club and our supporters," he said in Spurs' matchday programme.
Oe reason Foyth is fully aware of that number because as the players enter the first team area of the club's Hotspur Way training complex they are greeted by an honours board with all the trophies Tottenham have won since their creation in order to inspire the current generation to add their own feats to it.
We have a list of our cup wins on the wall when we come into the training ground and I have read it many times because it is good to know the history when you join a club," said the young defender.
Also my English teacher has told me about the past successes that Tottenham have had in the FA Cup at Wembley so I understand how important it is.
Hopefully we can win it again this season and make our supporters happy once more."
After the game, Foyth was delighted with the victory and what it means to advance in the famous old cup competition.
Everyone knows about the FA Cup in Argentina. Obviously Ossie Ardiles and Ricky Villa were successful in the competition many years ago but even with my generation – I knew about the FA Cup when I was in Argentina," he said.
It’s a good tournament. It’s really nice and it’s a big chance for Tottenham because we want to win every game and go to the next round."
Why do people say, check Google when someone asks something? What's the use of the group then, I'd find almost everything on Google.
Alexis Sánchez has agreed a contract with Manchester City worth £13m-a-year.
Hello everyone what’s up so i was wondering how can i do this lighting on unity like the fog and the lights still are visible is so real and the lights has a little like umm optical effect if i can say so any tutorials or something
Can anyone give me codes for raspberry pi? Any good replies will be appreciated
FC Platinum may have to pay the price for their lack of due diligence after the Premiership kings were left needing to alter their Champions League squad after one of their prime targets Liberty Chakoroma opted to extend his stay at Ngezi Platinum.
Good luck to NKoudou.He comes across well in the Burnley TV interview below.Hopefully he'll get the run of games he needs, proves his doubters wrong and comes back to us in the summer.
He has 2 options: Sign in January, Arsenal get £20m and he gets a £15m signing bonus. Or sign for free in July and get a £30m signing bonus.